{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Referee #3 (Remarks to the Author): \
\
The authors have addressed my comments and the paper can be published in the present form. I have a request which is not strictly related with the content of the paper, but I think it is very important for the sake of scientific accuracy. \
\
The authors cite the unpublished paper [15] (S. Berrone, A. Borio, and F. Marcon. Lowest order stabilization free virtual element method for the Poisson equation. arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.16896, 2021) as another way to achieve a stabilization-free VEM; in response 3 to reviewer 1 the paper [15] is further commented. Unfortunately even the updated version is wrong, since estimate (45) giving a bound for the dimension of $P_l^\\text\{ker\}(E)$ is false (there is a counterexample); this is the reason why [15] is still unpublished. Hence there is actually no proof at all that the method of [15] will produce a non-singular stiffness matrix. These considerations have no effects on the present paper, but nevertheless these facts must be reported in an appropriate way. \
\
I take the opportunity to encourage the authors NOT to cite unpublished results as they were true; the peer review process should still play a role in the scientific world! }